how's it going guys is tactics HD here
and I'm bringing my second ever NHL 12
hockey ultimate team road to glory hack
opening and I'm as you guys can see I
have just over 10,000 pucks I'm popping
open two or three packs I don't know
spend all my pucks and hopefully we got
something something good right now they
have the jumper mega-deal packs on steel
for 2,500 bucks so hopefully we get
something good here I'm gonna go with
the loui eriksson since he's on my team
my first line is actually a playing
really well for me here we go all right
so uh we got a left-winger right wing
actually helps us out a lot of the 99
chemistry I put that on burrows or
Erickson it's also worth like I think at
least 1,500 I think I'll probably use it
25 games braithwaite is plus 5 shooting
there some players plus 9 shooting
Ottawa 67's on bad Jersey to injury and
a sewer okay so this is actually not too
bad with pack what are they going to do
is I only want any of those players so
I'm just going to keep certain stuff
I'll send that's the consumable I might
end up selling it probably not send the
five hands 9 shooting arm injury the
games with nine games 0 plus 5 shooting
there or checking that like 25 games and
then I'll probably send that to the
trade pile this guy's got some good
potential so i'll try sent in detroit
well I doubt anyone's gonna want a
breath away so I just discard him I'm
checking make sure know when I was
really high potential single last time I
spared some guy with 92 potential and
everyone said I up so here we go
scar laughs hundred fourteen us on bag I
mean that gives us back like a third of
our pucks already by the way guys I've
never gotten a star big player so I'd
really like one never gotten an in-form
player and fifa or star week in that NHL
so i'm still waiting for my first one of
those also this week they have the
winter classic codes they're like
there's the statement started week they
have a bunch of plastic on them stuff I
regret we gotta look here bling
bosky thinking himself a little bit 25
games Erickson arena as pack wasn't too
good so lapeer might sell so I'll send
him the trade pal along with bosskey I'm
checking the potentials all this guy's
got 89 potential so I'm gonna try
sending him to the trade pile I don't
know if he'll sell ericsson I'll send
with trade pile looks like it I'll think
i would buy arena plus four hands that's
worth keeping 10 games 25 games robust
pie pans anything plus 4 plus 5 plus 4
offense I keep and plus 50 pence I Keith
but then for like checking and defense I
only keep the plus 5 so i get 500 bucks
for all that so we're open one more pack
and hopefully we can lock out here may
collect bucks back with one really good
player started week NHL player would be
awesome or at which a classic player
that would make us all our money back I
just eloping a guru and honor than
winter classic or you know plus five all
was three all 80 game concert just
something awesome would be awesome so
here we go I got my sec 20 game 30 game
some jersey plus two well there we go
some of our money plus seven ski so i'll
make some of it back not all of it but
you know what he gonna do he might sell
I know he's got pretty good to potential
he's like the only one though good
potential here altama watch those
jerseys my contracts plus two Olson exit
rape al wins make some money back seven
skating or shooting I guess I'll keep
the defense so um I'm checking alright
so I hope you guys enjoyed this special
episode if you only see want to see more
packing me be sure to let me know once i
get enough pucks again i'll do it and i
think every weekend they have you tell
me go deal packs so i tried out a whole
do them as often as I can for you guys
and I besides that thanks for watching
guys and have a nice day goodbye follow
me on Twitter you'll be the first one to
know when I'm holding an open
your tournament and it's an easy way to
talk to me